This file is hw description. For operation instruction of Expo please read file `Expo_README.md`. 

# Homework Description

This file includes project introduction, screen description, method to set up and run APP, and one thing I learned about.

## Project introduction

I build an application for tracking time. When users want to focus on something like debugging, coding, running, and etc, they can open this app to record time for visualliztion their work or achievements. Someone always complains time is not enough, overestimates or underestimates their effort on something, or even does have no concept of time, and therefore I design a such app that can record time which users can label what they do in that period.

## Screen Description

There are three screens, where the structure is:

Main screen
    |- Timer Start Screen
    |   |- Timer Screen
    |   |   |- Timer End Screen
    |- Detailed Record Screen

### Main screen: a main page shows users records, and supports function of searching history records
### Timer Start Screen: User will input the timer name and choose label to describe following task, and then they can open the timer
### Timer Screen: A normal timer with pause/resume and stop function
### Timer End Screen: A skipable screen, user can choose to fill task description or just skip for the period. 
### Detailed Record Screen: Users can enter this page through cliking records in main screen. This page supports users change the title, tags, task description, start time and end time for the task. Or users can delet some record through this screen.

## Set up and Run

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

3. Guarantee computer and mobile phone connect the same internet, ise Expo on mobile phone to scan the code generated by computer 

There is no any API used.

## One thing I learned about

React Native can both work on Android and IOS. I know Android and IOS have two different development  plantform, but I never consider about there is a package/platform applying them.